Update Safe Client Gateway repo url (#227)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-api/service-architecture.md

* [Safe Transaction Service](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-transaction-service): Keeps track of transactions related to Safe contracts (Python)
* [Safe Events Service](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-events-service): Handles Safe indexing events from the Transaction Service and delivers them as HTTP webhooks.
* [Safe Config Service](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-config-service): Keeps track of all supported networks and chain-specific variables (Python)

> * [Safe Client Gateway](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-client-gateway-nest): Uses the config service to determine how to reach the transaction service instance required for a given request (NodeJS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Safe Client Gateway](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-client-gateway-nest): Uses the config service to determine how to reach the transaction service instance required for a given request (Node.js)
```
